[sighs]
YOU'RE NOT
COMING IN?
YOU'RE GOING
TO MAKE ME STAND
IN THAT DEPOSIT LINE
ALL BY MYSELF?
NO, BUDDY,
I WILL BE WITH YOU IN SPIRIT,
LIKE A TINY WOOD NYMPH.
BESIDES,
WHAT'S YOUR GLITCH
WITH THE ATM MACHINE,
ANYWAY?
IT'S A "PEOPLE THING",
SHAWN.
BUSINESS SHOULD ALWAYS BE DONE
FACE-TO-FACE.
WELL, IF YOU REMEMBER,
I'M HOLDING A BIT OF A GRUDGE
AGAINST THIS PARTICULAR
BANKING INSTITUTION.
WHY? BECAUSE
THEY TURNED YOU DOWN
FOR A SMALL BUSINESS LOAN
LAST YEAR?
YES, BECAUSE THEY TURNED ME
DOWN FOR A SMALL BUSINESS LOAN.
THAT WAS COMPLETELY
LEGITIMATE, GUS.
SHAWN, IT WAS FOR
A ZIP LINE PULLEY SYSTEM.
TO TRANSPORT SNACKS
FROM THE KITCHEN TO YOUR DESK.
OR THE RECEPTION AREA.
WHAT'S YOUR POINT?
PART OF RUNNING A BUSINESS
TOGETHER, SHAWN,
IS SHARING
IN THE RESPONSIBILITIES
OF THE "BUSINESS" SIDE
OF THE BUSINESS,
LIKE MAKING DEPOSITS.
WHAT ABOUT
THE "BIDNIZZ" SIDE?
'CAUSE I FEEL LIKE
I'M MORE OF A "BIDNIZZ" MAN.
WHO'S COVERING THAT?
YOU KNOW WHAT? FINE.
I'LL DO IT MYSELF.
[slams]
[radio playing rock music]
*
[woman screams]
[screaming]
AH! HE'S GOT A GUN!
[scrambling and screams]
DON'T ANYBODY MOVE!
YOU! MOVE!
NOW, DON'T ANYBODY MOVE.
DROP THE GUN!
YOU DROP YOUR GUN.
[gunshot]
GET BACK!
DON'T ANYBODY DO ANYTHING.
[sirens]
LASSIE, JULES,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
SHAWN, WE HAVE
A SITUATION.
SOME GUY HELD UP
THE BANK,
AND WE THINK
HE'S TAKEN HOSTAGES.
WHOA.
TAKE IT EASY.
GUS IS IN THERE.
[The Friendly Indians'
I Know You Know]
*
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
* THAT I'M NOT TELLING
THE TRUTH *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
* THEY JUST DON'T HAVE
ANY PROOF *
* EMBRACE THE DECEPTION
* LEARN HOW TO BEND
* YOUR WORST INHIBITIONS
* TEND TO PSYCH YOU OUT
IN THE END *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW *
THIS IS SUE ELLEN JASPER,
REPORTING TO YOU LIVE
OUTSIDE THE SANTA BARBARA
NATIONAL SAVINGS BANK,
WHERE AN AS-YET-UNNAMED
ASSAILANT
HAS ATTEMPTED TO STEAL
OVER A MILLION DOLLARS'
WORTH OF DIAMONDS
AND IS NOW
HOLDING HOSTAGES INSIDE.
POLICE ARE ON THE SCENE.
BUT HAVE YET TO REVEAL
ANY FURTHER DETAILS.
WE'LL REPORT BACK TO YOU,
AS SOON AS WE HAVE
MORE INFORMATION.
(Juliet)
YOU DIDN'T SEE ANYTHING?
I WASN'T IN THE BANK, JULES.
WHOA.
HOLD IT RIGHT THERE.
(Juliet)
WHY DIDN'T YOU
GO INTO THE BANK?
WE CAME HERE
TO MAKE A DEPOSIT.
THAT'S NOT REALLY
A TWO MAN JOB.
WHAT, WE BOTH SHOULD'VE GRABBED
A CORNER OF THE CHECK
AND GINGERLY WALKED IT
IN TOGETHER?
(Juliet)
I JUST FIND IT
ODDLY UN-PSYCHIC OF YOU
TO HAVE NOT KNOWN
THIS WAS GOING TO HAPPEN.
I DON'T SEE
INTO THE FUTURE, JULES.
I READ THINGS
IN THE PRESENT.
AND I GET IT.
YOU THINK I'M NOT
KICKING MYSELF ENOUGH?
I LET MY BEST FRIEND
GO IN THERE WITHOUT ME,
AND NOW HE'S STUCK
IN THERE,
AND I'M STUCK OUT HERE.
DETECTIVE LASSITER.
THAT GUY COULD BE
A LOOSE CANNON.
SOMEONE NEEDS TO GO
INSIDE THE BANK.
(Vick)
O'HARA, I NEED YOU
To TAKE STATEMENTS
FROM THE REMAINING WITNESSES
THAT WERE OUTSIDE THE BANK.
GOT IT, CHIEF.
NOW, DETECTIVE,
JUST WANTED YOU TO KNOW
THAT I'VE INFORMED
THE FBI AND SWAT,
AND THEIR CHIEF NEGOTIATOR
IS MOMENTS AWAY.
NO.
IT'S PROTOCOL
AND YOU KNOW IT.
CHIEF, THIS THING'S
ALREADY TURNING
INTO A THREE RING CIRCUS,
WITHOUT BRINGING
THOSE ADRENALINE MONKEYS
DOWN HERE.
LOOK, WE HAVE
A HOSTAGE SITUATION, DETECTIVE.
AND I EXPECT YOU
TO FULLY COOPERATE.
JUST MAKE A CALL
IN THE BANKS.
SEE WHERE WE'RE AT.
MAYBE I CAN WRAP
THIS THING UP HERE AND NOW.
SAVE THE CITY A WHOLE
LOT OF TIME AND MONEY.
SOMEBODY NEEDS TO CALL
INTO THE BANK.
[vehicles approaching,
sirens blaring]
HEADS UP!
WE'RE ON THE CLOCK.
AND...CUT.
GREAT.
DRIPPING WITH SWAGGER.
LET'S GO AGAIN,
THOUGH.
AND MAYBE EASE UP ON
THE COCKSURE SMILE JUST A BIT.
I LIKED IT.
I'M JUST NOT SURE
IT'S GOING
TO PLAY IN THE MIDWEST.
WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?
OH, MY APOLOGIES.
I'M SHAWN SPENCER,
LEAD PSYCHIC
FOR THE S.B.P.D.
AND DILE'I'I'ANTE
OF SHADOW PUPPETRY.
WHAT'S THIS?
WHAT'S THIS_ RIGHT HERE?
[kiss]
OH, THAT'S A SWAN
KISSING THE MOON.
WELL, I'M COMMANDER LUNTZ,
HOSTAGE NEGOTIATOR.
AND I WILL THANK YOU
TO STEP ASIDE
AND LET ME HANDLE THINGS
FROM HERE.
[Lassiter clears throat]
LU NTZ.
LASSITER.
PERHAPS AS HEAD DETECTIVE,
I CAN BRIEF YOU
ON WHAT'S GOING ON HERE.
LISTEN, DETECTIVE,
I DON'T WANT TO PLAY
THE "TITLE" GAME WITH YOU.
TITLE GAMES.
IS THAT ANYTHING
LIKE CELEBRITY?
CAUSE IF IT IS,
I'M GOING TO KICK YOUR ASS.
WHAT?
I WILL.
I'M REALLY GOOD AT THE GAME.
LI'I'I'LE REFRESHER.
I HAVE 26 YEARS
OF EXPERIENCE
AND I'M SORT
OF AN EXPERT
IN HUMAN PSYCHOLOGY
AND CONDITIONING.
SO I DO KNOW
TWO THINGS.
ONE.
YOUR FRIEND HERE IS ACTING OUT
OF A PLACE OF FEAR.
A LITTLE SWEAT
ON THE TEMPLE,
A LITTLE VIBRATO
IN THE VOICE.
THIS IS PERSONAL FOR YOU.
AND NUMBER TWO,
I HAVE ABOUT 40 SECONDS
TO INITIATE A CALL
INTO THAT BANK
BEFORE ALL THE WHEELS
SPIN OFF OF THIS THING.
SO EXCUSE ME.
BOYS, FIRE ME UP A CALL
INSIDE THE BANK
AND PATCH ME IN.
(man)
YES, SIR. RIGHT AWAY.
WE'RE NOT JUST GOING TO LET HIM
DO THIS.
RIGHT, LASSIE?
IT'S PROTOCOL.
WE HAVE NO CHOICE.
[phone ringing]
WHOSE PHONE IS THAT?
IT'S HIS PHONE.
THANK YOU, SIR.
WE'RE HOSTAGES TOGETHER.
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
ON THE SAME SIDE HERE.
GIVE ME THE PHONE.
I APOLOGIZE.
I WOULD,
BUT IT'S MY WORK PHONE.
AND I GET CHARGED
THE DEDUCTIBLE FOR ANY LOST
OR STOLEN ITEMS.
SO HOW ABOUT I JUST TURN
THE RINGER OFF?
[gaSPS]
EVE RYON E,
CELL PHONES.
NOW.
[rustling]
[phone ringing]
THIS IS COMMANDER LUNTZ.
MY FRIENDS CALL ME LUNTZ.
YOU ARE?
THAT'S GOOD. THAT'S FINE.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO SAY ANYTHING.
I CAN DO ALL
THE TALKING FOR NOW.
I'M REAL GOOD AT THESE
ONE-SIDED CONVERSATIONS.
JUST ASK MY EX-WIFE.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
YOU MARRIED?
GET THOSE GUYS
AWAY FROM THE BANK.
TELL THEM TO GET THE HELL BACK.
I CAN DO THAT.
DO IT NOW.
WELL, YOU GOT TO DO
SOMETHING FOR ME THEN.
THAT'S HOW
THESE THINGS WORK.
WHAT?
HOW 'BOUT WE START
WITH A NAME?
YOU GIVE ME YOUR NAME,
AND I WILL BACK THOSE GUYS
SO FAR UP
THEY'LL HAVE TO PUT
TWO STAMPS
ON ANY LETTER
THEY MAIL TO YOU.
HOW'S THAT?
LIKE HE'S JUST GOING
TO GIVE HIM HIS NAME.
PHIL.
THAT'S GOOD.
I'VE GOT A NEPHEW
NAMED PHILLIP.
JEESH.
HE'S A REAL RASCAL.
HE'S GOT A KILLER ARM
FOR AN EIGHT-YEAR-OLD.
HE PLAYS RIGHT FIELD.
WHAT'S YOUR
LAST NAME, PHIL?
GA--GET 'EM BACK!
WELL, I JUST NEED TO KNOW
WHO I'M DEALING WITH.
THAT'S HOW I CAN HELP YOU.
OTHERWISE, THESE GUYS
WITH THE GUNS--
THEY GET REALLY,
REALLY NERVOUS.
SO, IF WE GET
TO KNOW EACH OTHER,
WE CAN BE FRIENDS.
AND THEN I CAN VOUCH FOR YOU,
AND I CAN PROTECT YOU.
I PROTECT ALL MY FRIENDS.
STUBBINS.
I'M ON IT.
(woman in crowd)
MY FIANCE, MICHAEL LENHART,
IS IN THERE.
HE'S A DIABETIC.
HE'S GOING TO NEED
TO EAT SOON.
HELP HIM, PLEASE.
(Juliet)
OKAY. OKAY.
JUST STAY CALM.
HEY. THERE'S A WOMAN
OVER THERE WHO IS HYSTERICAL.
HER FIANCE'S INSIDE.
[whispering]
HE'S A DIABETIC.
THERE'S A DIABETIC IN THERE.
UH, NOW LOOK, PHIL.
NOBODY IS
IN A RUSH HERE.
I'M IN THIS
FOR THE LONG HAUL,
AS LONG AS YOU ARE.
SO WE'LL TAKE
OUR TIME.
BUT YOU HAVE A BUNCH
OF HUNGRY PEOPLE IN THERE.
AND YOU'VE GOT A YOUNG GUY
WHO'S A DIABETIC,
AND HIS FIANCE
IS OUT HERE
WORRIED ABOUT HIM.
YOU KNOW HOW WOMEN WORRY.
SO IT WOULD GO
A LONG WAY
IF YOU LET ME SEND YOU GUYS
SOME FOOD IN THERE.
YOU LIKE PIZZA?
THAT'S BECAUSE
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND
HOW PROTOCOL WORKS,
AND YOU
MAY HAVE GOTTEN GUSTER
IN REAL TROUBLE
IN THERE
DIALING HIS
CELL PHONE.
AT LEAST
I DID SOMETHING.
LOOK, SHAWN.
HE IS SWAT.
AND HE IS GOOD
AT WHAT HE DOES.
I AM FINE
WITH BACKING OFF HERE.
HE'S SWAT!
HE'S SWAT.
THAT'S YOUR ARGUMENT?
HE'S NOT COLIN FARRELL.
I GET THAT YOU
ARE CONCERNED ABOUT GUS,
BUT I CAN ASSURE YOU
HE IS IN CAPABLE HANDS.
THERE'S A WOMAN
OVER THERE THAT SAYS
HER FIANCE HAS DIABETES.
HE'S INSIDE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
I GET WHAT'S HAPPENING HERE.
YOU DO?
YES, I DO.
I'M SENSING
A RELATIONSHIP HERE.
YOU ARE?
YES.
YOU AND LUNTZ.
THERE'S A FAMILIAL
THING HAPPENING.
HE'S LIKE
AN OLDER UNCLE.
WHAT ARE YOU,
RELATED TO HIM?
NOT YET.
LASSITER.
WHAT? HE'S PSYCHIC.
SHOULDN'T HE KNOW ALREADY?
KNOW WHAT?
WHAT IS HE GETTING AT?
IT'S NOTHING.
BUT I DO KNOW CAMERON.
LUNTZ.
COMMANDER CAMERON LUNTZ.
CAMERON?
YES.
AND HE'S NOT MY UNCLE.
I MET HIM
AT A POLICE DISTRICT CONFERENCE,
HE ASKED ME OUT,
WE WENT ON A FEW DATES.
I LIKE HIM.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU'RE DATING THIS GUY?
DING, DING, DING.
TELL HIM WHAT HE WON O'HARA.
LOOK, SHAWN.
I WAS--
DON--DON'T WORRY.
IT'S FINE.
JULES, REALLY.
DARE I SAY, DANDY?
ISN'T THAT A WORD
FROM HIS GENERATION?
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
AND LOOK,
I WAS GOING TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT IT EARLIER,
BUT--
IT'S GREAT.
IT'S--IT'S REALLY GREAT.
I'M SO...
SO HAPPY FOR YOU.
NOW IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I HAVE A BEST FRIEND
TO SAVE.
CHIEF,
ELDER COMMANDING OFFICER LUNTZ,
YOU NEED TO
LET ME GET INVOLVED HERE.
YOU NEED TO LET ME
SCOPE THINGS OUT.
(Vick)
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
YOU'RE NOT A TRAINED
TACTICAL OFFICER, SPENCER.
ARE WE POSITIVE
HE'S EVEN HOUSE-TRAINED?
[laughs]
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
MAYBE YOU AND I GOT OFF
ON THE WRONG FOOT.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE CORRECT.
I HAVE HAD A FEW CLOSE CALLS
AROUND THE HOUSE RECENTLY,
BUT I CAN HELP YOU.
OH?
HOW'S THAT?
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT THIS GUY,
OTHER THAN HIS NAME?
WE KNOW THAT HE'S A LONGTIME
CUSTOMER OF THIS BANK,
OWED A HUGE LOAD
OF BACK TAXES TO THE IRS.
HE'S JUST HAD HIS HOUSE
FORECLOSED ON.
AND HE'S A MIDDLE CHILD.
YOU KNOW HE'S A MIDDLE CHILD?
I COULD HEAR IT
IN THE TIMBRE OF HIS VOICE,
AND THE FACT THAT
HE DOESN'T USE CONTRACT IONS,
YES.
OKAY.
FINE.
WHAT ABOUT EVERYONE ELSE
IN THE BANK?
LOOK, YOU SEND YOUR GUY
IN THERE, AND WHAT?
MAYBE HE GETS YOU
A GUESSTIMATE
OF HOW MANY HOSTAGES
THERE ARE?
I CAN WALK INTO THAT BANK.
I CAN PSYCHICALLY READ
EVERY SINGLE HOSTAGE
AND STUBBINS.
HE'S FREAKED OUT.
HE WON'T TALK TO YOU.
HE DOESN'T NEED TO,
I CAN READ HIS MIND.
CAN YOU READ
MY MIND RIGHT NOW?
'CAUSE IT'S SENDING
A VERY CLEAR MESSAGE
WHERE I WANT YOU TO BE.
[phone ringing]
SIR.
LUNTZ HERE.
(Phil)
DO YOU THINK I'M STUPID?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I CAN SEE WHAT YOU ARE DOING.
YOU ARE SENDING A COP
IN HERE WITH THE PIZZAS.
LOOK, PHIL.
CALM DOWN NOW.
THAT'S JUST FOR EVERYBODY'S
SAFETY, THAT'S ALL.
WELL, IT IS NOT
HAPPENING.
I'LL BRING THEM UP THERE MYSELF,
IF YOU LIKE.
I DO NOT THINK SO.
YOU WILL SEND IN
A REGULAR PERSON.
REGULAR PERSON?
YES.
A REGULAR PERSON.
YOU WILL SEND IN SOMEONE
FROM BEHIND THOSE BARRICADES.
A REGULAR PERSON.
NOT A COP.
WHAT THE HELL IS HE DOING?
I WOULDN'T ACCEPT THESE
IF I WERE YOU.
SPENCER.
JUST PUT THE PIZZAS
DOWN AND WALK AWAY.
GET OUTTA THERE.
EIGHT PIES,
FOUR OF THEM ARE VEGETABLE.
IS THIS GUY FOR REAL?
NO PEPPERONI?
REALLY?
PLUS THE BLATANT DISREGARD
AND UTTER CRIMINAL LACK
OF HAM AND PINEAPPLE.
SPENCER!
WHAT KIND OF GOOD FAITH
NEGOTIATION, IS THIS?
I MEAN, THIS IS
A HOSTAGE NEGOTIATION.
WELL, I DON'T CARE
IF YOU'RE NOT HAPPY
WITH THE INGREDIENTS!
PUT THE PIZZAS DOWN
AND WALK AWAY!
I WON'T LET YOU ACCEPT THESE.
WALK AWAY.
THIS IS MY OPERATION.
GO GET HIM.
GO GET HIM OUT OF THERE.
HE'S NOT GOING
TO ACCEPT THESE--AAH!
[screams]
FAN OUT, FAN OUT, FAN OUT!
SPENCER!
[men Shouting]
TERRIFIC.
PUT THOSE PIZZAS DOWN
RIGHT OVER THERE.
ALL RIGHT, PHIL.
I'M JUST AS MAD
ABOUT THIS AS YOU ARE.
WHY DON'T YOU LET ME
GO OUT THERE
AND MAKE THIS RIGHT?
AND ON THE WAY BACK IN,
I'LL HAVE THEM THROW IN
A COUPLE LITERS
OF OLD-FASHIONED ROOT BEER
AND SOME CINNA-STARS.
THEY'RE LIKE CINNA-DOTS,
THEY'RE JUST--THEY'RE POINTY.
THEY'RE GOOD.
THEY'RE NOT GREAT.
BUT I CAN GET THEM,
FREE OF CHARGE.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
YOU'RE NOT
GOING ANYWHERE.
YOU'VE JUST BECOME
MY NEXT HOSTAGE.
(Gus)
WHY DOES HE KEEP
SEPARATING EVERYBODY?
JULES IS DATING
AN OLD SWAT GUY?
WE'RE IN A HOSTAGE SITUATION,
SHAWN.
YOU DON'T GET THAT?
I DO GET IT.
WHAT I DON'T GET IS
THE BULLETPROOF VEST
OVER THE SHIRT.
WHAT IS THAT?
I'M TELLING YOU.
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT
WITH THIS GUY.
AND THEN HE MAKES US
TAKE OUR SHOES OFF?
WHO DOES THAT?
WHY?
IT'S A WAY
OF CONTAINING PEOPLE.
YOU KNOW, SLOWING THEM DOWN
AND WHATNOT.
SO WE CAN'T RUN AWAY
WHEN HE STARTS SHOOTING US.
HE'S GOING TO START
KILLING US OFF,
ON E-BY-ONE.
OH, MY GOD.
WOULD YOU PLEASE RELAX?
CLEARLY, I HAVE A HANDLE
ON THE SITUATION.
A HANDLE?
A HANDLE!
YOU MOUTHED OFF TO HIM
AND GOT YOURSELF
TAKEN HOSTAGE.
OF COURSE I DID.
THAT WAS MY PLAN
ALL ALONG,
YOU SWEET DOLLOP
OF SPICY GOODNESS.
I HAD TO GET
MYSELF IN THERE,
SO I COULD SEE
WHAT I'M DEALING WITH.
AND I HAVE THIS FEELING
THAT WE ARE NOT DEALING
WITH THE PERSON
THEY THINK WE ARE.
WHY WOULD A BANK ROBBER
KEEP HIS GUN SAFETY ON?
SO HELP ME OUT.
THINK.
WHAT DO YOU
REMEMBER SEEING
THE MOMENT THAT
THE ROBBERY WENT DOWN?
FEATURES?
NOSES?
MAYBE A CHIN.
I DID SEE A CHIN.
A BEAUTIFUL ONE.
A GLORIOUS ONE.
THERE'S A GOOD CHANCE
SHE'S OVER A HUNDRED.
ARE YOU SURE YOU'VE
THOUGHT THIS THROUGH?
NOT HER, SHAWN.
OH.
I'VE HAD A LOT OF TIME
TO THINK IN HERE, SHAWN.
AND I'VE REALIZED
SOME THINGS ABOUT LIFE.
IT'S BEEN TWO HOURS.
YES. BUT TWO HOURS
"HOSTAGE" TIME.
THINGS HAPPEN FAST
IN HERE SHAWN.
LIFE IS FLEETING,
AND I NEED TO LIVE IT.
I NEED TO SAY
THE THINGS I'M FEELING,
AND ACT ON
THOSE FEELINGS
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
AND S0 DO YOU.
OKAY.
IN OTHER NEWS, PHIL.
PHIL!
(Gus)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU WANT TO GET
YOURSELF SHOT?
WHAT?
SORRY.
NOTHING.
OUR BAD.
YOU JUST GO BACK
TO YOUR WHOLE
"ROBBERING" THING.
I NEED TO POTTY.
I-I-I'M-I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY, EVERYONE.
I DOWNED AN ORANGE JULIUS
RIGHT BEFORE
I WAS TAKEN CAPTIVE.
AND IT--
IT WENT RIGHT THROUGH ME.
I NEED TO POTTY.
LOOK--
I KNOW MY BODY.
AND I KNOW
MY STOMACH.
AND THIS COULD GET
REALLY UGLY.
ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, DON'T ANYBODY MOVE.
I'M WATCHING YOU.
I'M JUST GOING
TO BE RIGHT HERE.
DON'T MOVE.
YOU KNOW I'M NOT
REALLY A REGULAR PERSON.
RIGHT, PHIL?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT MEANS I TRIED ONCE
AND FAILED.
I'M JUST TOO UNIQUE
AND INTERESTING.
THE FRENCH CALL IT
DU FROMAGE.
WHICH LOOSELY TRANSLATED
MEANS "OF CHEESE."
THE TRUTH IS,
I'M ACTUALLY A PSYCHIC.
A PROFESSIONAL ONE.
AND I AM GETTING
A MAJOR READING.
RIGHT IN HERE.
YOU ARE?
[inhale]
THERE IT GOES AGAIN.
WHAT?
WHAT'S IT SAYING?
IT'S SAYING THAT YOU ARE
A MIDDLE CHILD.
YES, YES I AM.
IT IS ALSO SAYING
THAT YOU ARE NOT...
[whispering]
A BANK ROBBER.
YOU KNOW THIS?
YES.
VERY MUCH SO.
THERE IS SOMETHING ELSE
AT PLAY HERE, PHIL.
SOMETHING NEFARIOUS.
AND ALSO EVIL.
OH, GOD, YES.
[sighs]
YOU DO KNOW.
ALL RIGHT. OKAY.
I CAN'T KEEP UP
THIS RUSE ANY LONGER.
PLEASE.
HOW'S MY WIFE?
YOUR WIFE?
YEAH, IS SHE SCARED?
IS SHE SCARED?
UH. . .YES,
SHE IS SCARED.
OH, MY GOD.
JOANNA, I'M SO SORRY.
CAN YOU GET A MESSAGE
TO HER?
YES, I BELIEVE I CAN.
JOAN NA.
LISTEN, JOANNA.
THIS MORNING
I WAS CONFRONTED BY A MAN,
I DON'T KNOW WHO.
AND HE TOLD ME
THAT HE HAD KIDNAPPED YOU
AND WAS HOLDING
YOU SOMEWHERE.
AND IF I DIDN'T WALK
INTO THIS BANK RIGHT THEN
AND GET HIM THESE DIAMONDS
AND DROP THEM
IN A MAILBOX DOWN THE ROAD,
HE WAS GOING
TO KILL YOU.
AND I SCREWED UP.
AND I DON'T KNOW HOW
TO GET OUT OF THIS, HONEY.
I'M SO SORRY.
OH, WOW.
PHIL, THAT WAS SOMETHING.
I MEAN, IT WAS JUST
REALLY JAM-PACKED
WITH, UH,
INFORMATION.
IT WAS ALSO
A LITTLE BREATHY.
ODDLY SOOTHING.
SHE SAID NOT TO WORRY.
EVERYTHING
IS GOING TO BE OKAY.
BUT HOW?
YOU DON'T HAVE TO...
OKAY, YEAH.
BUT HOW?
I MEAN, I FEEL
LIKE I'M BEING WATCHED.
BY THE COPS,
BY SOMEONE IN HERE.
PHIL, I WILL HELP YOU.
BUT YOU HAVE
TO TRUST ME.
I'M WORKING
WITH THE POLICE DEPARTMENT.
I KNOW WHO ALL THE PLAYERS
ARE OUT THERE.
I WILL GET YOU
OUT OF THIS BANK.
AND I WILL FIND OUT
WHERE YOUR WIFE IS.
BUT YOU HAVE TO LET ME
LEAD THIS NEGOTIATION.
DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN DO THAT?
I THINK SO.
OKAY, HERE'S THE PLAN...
FIRST, KEEP UP
THE CRAZY GUY ROUTINE.
WE NEED THAT.
ALL RIGHT.
BUT DO NOT SPEAK
TO ANYONE HERE
UNLESS I AM WITH YOU.
SECONDLY. ..
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO GIVE ME SOME PRIVACY.
I WASN'T KIDDING
ABOUT THE ORANGE JULIUS.
OH.
[phone rings]
LUNTZ HERE.
(Shawn)
I HAVE SOME INFO FOR YOU.
STUBBINS IS NOT BEHIND THIS.
SOMEONE--
LOOK, SPENCER.
THE FIRST THING YOU
GOTTA REALIZE
ABOUT TH ESE GUYS
IS THAT THEY WILL TRY
TO MANIPULATE
ANYBODY THEY CAN
TO GET OUT OF THERE ALIVE.
I THINK THAT
YOU HAVE INTERFERED
AND SCREWED UP ENOUGH,
DON'T YOU?
WHY DON'T YOU FIND YOURSELF
A QUIET LITTLE CORNER
IN THERE
AND LAY LOW, COPY?
I-I'M TELL--
[sighs]
KENNY,
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU.
YES, SIR.
WHAT'S UP, SIR?
[phone rings]
HELLO?
LHASA APSOS,
I HAVE AN IDEA
THAT MIGHT PUT YOU BACK
FRONT AND CENTER
ON THIS CASE.
I'M LISTENING.
STUBBINS ISN'T BEHIND
THE ROBBERY.
SOMEBODY KIDNAPPED HIS WIFE
AND PUT HIM UP TO IT.
SPENCER, YOU KNOW THAT SOUNDS
A LITTLE NUTSY, RIGHT?
WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE?
JUST SEND A COUPLE
BLACK AND WHITES
OUT TO LOOK FOR THE WIFE
AND SEE WHAT BLOWS BACK.
HOW CAN YOU BE SO SURE
THAT SH--
[toilet flushes]
WHAT WAS THAT SOUND?
SPENCER?
HEY, MCNABB.
YES, SIR.
I'VE GOT SOMETHING I'M GOING
TO SEND YOU OUT ON.
OKAY.
(Phil)
WHAT ARE WE DOING
IN THE BANK MANAGER'S OFFICE?
I'VE TAKEN THE LIBERTY
OF PUTTING TOGETHER
A LIST OF DEMANDS THAT
YOU CAN GIVE TO LUNTZ.
DEMAN DS?
YEP.
YEAH, WE'RE GOING
TO CALL OUT THERE.
AND YOU'RE JUST GOING
TO READ THESE OFF TO HIM.
"MY DEMANDS...
BY PHIL."
AN AIRPLANE TO TAKE ME
WHEREVER I WANT.
TOUR BUS, BLUE,
WITH FULL TANK
OF GAS...AND GROUPIES.
THAT'S NON-NEGOTIABLE.
$5,000
IN UNMARKED BILLS.
THIS IS A HUGE LIST.
WHAT IF THEY WON'T GIVE ME
ANY OF THIS STUFF?
I DON'T EXPECT THEM TO,
PHIL.
THAT'S JUST TO BUY US TIME.
SO THAT WE
CAN FIGURE OUT
WHO IN HERE
HAS PUT YOU UP TO THIS.
A ZIP LINE PULLEY SYSTEM
USED TO TRANSPORT DELICIOUSLY
FLAVORED SNACKS AND SUCH
FROM ONE LOCATION TO ANOTHER.
WHAT IS THIS?
LOOK, JUST CALL OUT
TO LUNTZ, OKAY?
AND REMEMBER,
I NEED TO SPEAK TO HIM FIRST.
[Shawn's voice echoing]
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT THIS GUY,
OTHER THAN HIS NAME?
[Luntz's voice echoing]
WE KNOW THAT
HIS HOUSE FORECLOSED ON.
LUNTZ, IT'S PHIL.
HEY THERE, FRIEND.
I WAS WONDERING
WHY I HAVEN'T HEARD FROM YOU.
WELL, I'M GOING TO PUT--
SHAWN SPENCER?
SHAWN SPENCER ON THE PHONE.
HE WILL BE NEGOTIATING
ON MY BEHALF FROM HERE ON IN.
(Luntz)
NO. NO, PHIL.
DON'T DO THAT.
THAT'S A MISTAKE.
THIS IS BETWEEN
YOU AND ME--
HEY, CAM!
IT'S SHAWN.
WHAT'S UP, BUDDY?
[sighs]
SPENCER, PUT STUBBINS
ON THE PHONE NOW.
EEEE.
THAT'S, UH...
THAT'S GOING TO BE
A LITTLE AWKWARD, UH--
I'M NOT REALLY SURE
HOW TO PUT THIS.
AND BEAR WITH ME,
BECAUSE THIS IS
MY FIRST HOSTAGE NEGOTIATION,
BUT IT WOULD APPEAR
THAT I AM, IN FACT,
MAKING THE DEMANDS NOW.
SO WHY
DON'T YOU GO AHEAD
AND PUT DETECTIVE...
O'HARA
ON THE PHONE PLEASE.
WHY IN THE WORLD
WOULD I DO THAT?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
ISN'T THE "TIMBRE"
OF MY VOICE TELLING YOU WHY?
IT'S SPENCER.
SHAWN, ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
JULES, HOW SERIOUS IS THIS THING
WITH YOU AND LUNTZ? REALLY?
[sighs]
I'M SO NOT HAVING
THIS CONVERSATION
WITH YOU RIGHT NOW.
IS HE STANDING NEXT TO YOU,
SNIFFING YOUR HAIR,
HUH?
IS HE LISTENING TO ME?
SHAWN, HALF THE SANTA BARBARA
POLICE DEPARTMENT
CAN HEAR US.
(Shawn)
OKAY, FINE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY. I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I WAS THINKING.
JUST...
JUST ANSWER ME THIS.
DOES HE HAVE
THOSE OLDER GUY BOOBIES
THAT SORT OF DROOP
AT THE ENDS?
OKAY, I'M HANGING UP
ON YOU NOW.
WH-WH-WHOA!
HOLD ON, HOLD ON.
I'M PUTTING PHIL--
I'M PUTTING PHIL
ON FOR LUNTZ.
HEY THERE, BUDDY.
YOU THERE?
YEAH.
OKAY.
FIRST...
I NEED A PLANE.
[laughs]
[indistinct police radio]
OH, GOSH.
[paper rustling]
SHHH.
THIS BANK SUCKS.
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU'RE
THE BANK MANAGER.
YES.
I'M NATHANIAL GRESLING.
DO YOU RECALL REJECTING
A SMALL BUSINESS LOAN
FOR A ZIP LINE SNACK
TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM,
CALLING IT,
AND I QUOTE,
"FISCALLY IRRESPONSIBLE"?
SHAWN.
YES, I DO.
WELL,
MR. NATHANIAL GRESLING,
THIS LITTLE TASK
OF RETRIEVING
THE MINI OREOS
TOOK ME 14 SECONDS.
ZIP LINE...
FOOM! SHH!
FIVE.
FISCALLY IRRESPONSIBLE?
NAY, I CALL THAT
MY FISCAL OBLIGATION
TO MY SHAREHOLDERS,
NAMELY GUS HERE.
SHAWN.
LOOK, I'M SORRY.
YOU THINK THAT
WAS ALL MY DECISION?
I'M JUST A DUPE
FOR THE UPPER MANAGEMENT.
I DON'T HAVE THE POWER
YOU THINK I DO.
WE UNDERSTAND,
MR. GRESLING.
BUT I'M STILL A LITTLE FUZZY
ON THE DETAILS.
DO YOU REMEMBER
WHAT HAPPENED THIS MORNING
WHEN MR. STUBBINS CAME
TO THE BANK?
I REMEMBER HIM
ENTERING THE BANK,
AND HE APPROACHED ME.
I WAS BUSY WITH A CUSTOMER,
BUT HE CAUGHT MY ATTENTION.
HE ASKED ME
TO TAKE HIM
TO THE SAFETY DEPOSIT VAULT,
WHICH I DID.
ONCE INSIDE THE VAULT,
HE DREW HIS GUN.
HOW DO YOU SUPPOSE
HE KNEW ABOUT THE DIAMONDS?
(Mr. Gresling)
THE DIAMONDS WERE DEPOSITED
IN THAT PARTICULAR BOX
ONE WEEK PRIOR.
I VERY DISTINCT LY
REMEMBER MR. STUBBINS
BEING IN THE BANK
THAT DAY.
HOW DO YOU DISTINCT LY
REMEMBER THAT?
WELL, THE GENTLEMAN
WHO DEPOSITED THE DIAMONDS
WAS A VERY
WEALTHY CUSTOMER
WHO MANAGEMENT CONSIDERS
TO BE A V.I.P. CLIENT.
OH.
THEREFORE, I'M INSTRUCTED
TO TREAT HIM AS SUCH.
RIGHT.
MR. STUBBINS WAS
IN THE BANK BEFORE,
TO GET TO HIS
SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX,
BUT I SKIPPED HIM OVER.
OH, THAT NEVER
FEELS GOOD.
HE WAS VERY UPSET.
HE COMPLAINED.
I FELT BAD FOR HIM,
AND MAYBE THIS
WAS MY MISTAKE,
BUT I TOLD HIM
THAT THE GENTLEMAN
WAS DEPOSITING
SOME VERY
VALUABLE MERCHANDISE.
OH.
THEREFORE HE KNEW
ABOUT THE DIAMONDS.
DON'T BEAT YOURSELF UP, MAN.
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
GOD.
NOTHING IS AGREEING
WITH ME TODAY.
EXCUSE ME, I'M GOING
TO HAVE TO, UH...
TAKE CARE
OF SOME MORE BUSINESS.
PHIL. BUDDY.
WHAT'RE YOU DOING?
THEY'RE GOING TO MEET
ALL MY DEMANDS.
SERIOUSLY?
EVEN THE PLAN E?
YEAH.
WHAT ABOUT THE SNACK LINE?
UM, THEY WANTED ME TO COME
TAKE A LOOK AT THE BUS.
IT'S NOT BLUE.
IS THAT OKAY?
YEAH.
YOU HAVE A SHOT, TAKE IT.
[gunshot]
[hostages scream]
THAT'S A NEGATIVE
ON THE TARGET, SIR.
HOW DID YOU MISS?
(sniper)
HE JUST FELL OUT OF MY SCOPE.
VERY STRANGE.
FREE HUGS.
WHO'S NEXT?
WELL, WE'RE STILL COMING
TO YOU
FROM OUTSIDE
THE NATIONAL SAVINGS BANK
WHERE THE HOSTAGE SITUATION
HAS ESCALATED.
SHAWN SPENCER,
PSYCHIC DETECTIVE
FOR THE SANTA BARBARA
POLICE DEPARTMENT,
IS NOW INSIDE THE BANK.
YOU GOT TO BE
KIDDING ME.
AND IS NOT ONLY A HOSTAGE,
(reporter)
HE APPEARS TO BE CALLING
THE SHOTS ON BEHALF
OF THE NOW-NAMED ASSAILANT,
PHILLIP STUBBINS.
OH, THIS CAN'T BE GOOD.
[groans]
DUDE, DON'T EVEN SIT
BY ME RIGHT NOW.
THEY ALREADY HATE ME
FOR THE PHONE THING.
I DON'T NEED THEM TO KNOW
I'M FRIENDS WITH THE GUY
THAT KEPT THEM
FROM BEING RESCUED.
OKAY.
YOU KNOW SOMETHING?
MAYBE,
BEFORE YOU ADMONISH ME
WITH THAT TONE
OF VOICE,
YOU'D LIKE TO HEAR
MY INSANELY GOOD NEWS.
WHAT?
AS A SIGN
OF COOPERATION,
PHIL AND I ARE GOING
TO RELEASE A HOSTAGE.
ARE YOU HAPPY NOW?
YES! YES, YES, YES,
YES, YES.
OKAY.
I KNEW YOU WOULD GET ME
RELEASED. THANK YOU!
W-W-WAIT, DUDE,
IT'S NOT YOU.
WHAT?
THINK ABOUT IT
FOR A MINUTE.
OH, MY GOD.
I'M A HORRIBLE PERSON.
THERE'S OLDER PEOPLE HERE
AND--AND WOMEN.
SHAWN . . .ARE YOU READY?
PHIL, I WILL BE WITH YOU
IN ONE MINUTE.
WHAT?
YOU ARE THE HOSTAGE
BEING RELEASED?
GUS--
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
I HAVE A HUNCH
ABOUT WHERE PHIL'S WIFE
IS BEING HELD.
I THINK IT'S DIRECTLY LINKED
TO A LIST
OF FORECLOSED HOUSES
IN THE AREA,
AND I HAVE TO CHECK IT OUT.
DON'T YOU SEE?
IT'S GOT TO BE ME.
(Gus)
JUST FIGURE THIS OUT
AND GET ME OUT OF HERE
BEFORE THERE'S
A RED LASER LIGHT
SHINING ON MY FOREHEAD.
AND BE CAREFUL, SHAWN.
I WILL, BUDDY.
OH, AND SHAWN...
I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW...
THAT NO MATTER
WHAT HAPPENS,
I CARE ABOUT YOU
AND I APPRECIATE YOU.
AND, WELL...
I LOVE YOU, SHAWN.
OKAY, BUDDY.
I HEAR YA.
YOU KNOW I'M GOING TO BE BACK
IN, LIKE, HALF AN HOUR, RIGHT?
UH-HUH.
WOW, THAT IS
A TIGHT HUG.
[straining]
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY.
OKAY, I'M PRETTY SURE
GRESLING IS OUR GUY.
YOU ARE?
YEAH, THIS MORNING
WHEN YOU WALKED INTO THE BANK,
YOU DIDN'T FIND HIM.
HE FOUND YOU.
HIS HANDS WERE QUICKER
THAN YOUR GUN.
WHAT?
JUST STAY AWAY FROM HIM.
SAY NOTHING.
DO NOT PICK UP
THE BANK LINE.
DO NOT FIELD ANY CALLS
UNTIL I RETURN, OKAY?
ALL RIGHT.
SHAWN?
I LOVE MY WIFE.
I KNOW YOU DO, MAN.
[chatter]
WHOO!
[applause]
ALL RIGHT,
GO GET HIM.
[cheers and applause]
ALL RIGHT, PUT HIM
IN A HOLDING BIN.
I WANT
TO DEBRIEF HIM.
N-N-NO WAY, LUNTZ.
THIS IS OUR GUY.
ANY DEBRIEFING IS GOING
TO BE DONE BY US.
NO, THIS IS
MY INVESTIGATION.
WELL, GUYS, GUYS!
I APPRECIATE
YOU ARGUING OVER ME,
BUT LET ME JUST POINT OUT...
I'M NOT WEARING BRIEFS.
(Vick)
COMMANDER LUNTZ...
MR. SPENCER IS
IN OUR DEPARTMENT,
SO WE WILL
DEBRIEF HIM FIRST.
BUT WE'LL SHARE
ANY INFORMATION THAT WE GATHER.
(Lassiter)
HANDS OFF.
SHAWN! SHAWN.
W-W-WH-WHOA.
DAD?
HURRY UP.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING DOWN HERE?
LOOK, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU AND GUS
BUT I CAME DOWN HERE
TO WARN YOU.
WARN ME OF WHAT?
THIS GUY DOING
THE NEGOTIATING?
HE'S DONE NEGOTIATING.
(Shawn)
MEANING?
HE'S GETTING READY
TO TAKE THIS GUY OUT.
YEAH, DAD, I KNOW.
HE ALREADY TOOK A SHOT.
YES, BUT SHAWN,
HE'S GETTING READY
TO GO IN
WITH TEAR GAS.
I'VE SEEN IT BEFORE.
IT'S NOT PRETTY.
HOW MUCH TIME
DO I HAVE?
I DON'T KNOW...
HOUR, TOPS.
ALL RIGHT.
THAN KS, DAD.
SHAWN...
YOU BE CAREFUL.
ALL RIGHT.
WHOO, WHOO.
[applause]
HI. SHAWN SPENCER.
THANKS FOR COMING OUT.
(Henry)
SHAWN.
LOOK, LASSIE,
I AM TELLING YOU
THAT STUBBINS
IS NOT BEHIND THIS.
AND I KNOW AT THE VERY LEAST
THAT GRESLING,
THE BANK MANAGER,
IS INVOLVED.
IT'S A MOOT POINT.
HE'S GOING TO DO WHAT
HE'S GOING TO DO.
THERE ARE HOSTAGES
IN THERE.
I KNOW THAT.
MY BEST FRIEND
IS ONE OF THEM.
IF WE CAN GET
OUT OF HERE
AND FIND THIS
GUY'S WIFE,
WE CAN SHOW THAT THE KIDNAPPING
THING HOLDS WATER.
LOOK, I AM BREAKING ABOUT
50 CODES OF POLICE PROCEDURE
JUST BY TALKING
TO YOU ABOUT THIS.
UGH! WITH THE CODES!
THAT IS YOUR BIGGEST PROBLEM.
OH,
IT'S MY PROBLEM?
JUST ONCE,
CAN YOU GRAB LIFE
BY THE LITTLE LASSITERS
AND FOLLOW
YOUR INSTINCTS?
I KNOW YOU DON'T LIKE
MY METHODS.
I KNOW YOU DON'T LIKE ME.
BUT WE ARE PRESSED FOR TIME,
AND I AM TELLING YOU
I AM VIBING LIKE CRAZY.
CAN WE SCREW PROTOCOL
AND GET THE HELL OUTTA HERE?
YOU TAKE SHOTGUN.
YOU ARE SO SEXY RIGHT NOW.
WHERE YOU GOING?
I'M SORRY, BUT YOU'RE
NOT THE ONLY ONE HERE
WHO HAS A JOB TO DO.
WELL, WAIT.
ARE WE STILL ON FOR TONIGHT?
(Lassiter)
ALL RIGHT, WHERE AM I DRIVING?
(Shawn)
JUST HEAD DOWN TO STATE STREET.
THEN YOU'RE GOING
TO BE MAKING A LEFT ON LAPORTE.
YES. LEI-T.
I'M BEING DRAWN THERE
BY THE WIFE NOW.
ALL RIGHT, JULES.
GIVE ME ONE GOOD REASON WHY
YOU FIND THIS GUY ATTRACTIVE.
SHAWN!
YOU CAN'T GIVE ME ONE?
I CAN THINK OF MANY.
IS ONE OF THEM
THAT YOU'RE LOOKING FORWARD
TO GIVING HIM SPONGE BATHS
IN THE NEAR FUTURE?
(Juliet)
I HAPPEN To FIND HIS AGE
AND HIS MATURITY APPEALING.
HE'S DISTINGUISHED,
AND VIRILE,
AND MOST IMPORTANTLY,
HE KNOWS WHO HE IS.
AND THAT...
IS ATTRACTIVE.
YOU TWO KNOW
I'M IN THE VAN, RIGHT?
HERE! STOP HERE!
THIS IS IT.
SHE'S BEING HELD
RIGHT IN THERE.
ALL RIGHT, SPENCER.
YOU. . .STAY PUT.
I WILL NOT
BE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOU.
O'HARA, WE GO ON THREE.
YOU READY?
ONE, TWO--
CAN I SAY IT?
LET ME SAY IT.
[whispering]
HEY.
SHAWN!
[whispering]
GET BACK IN THE CAR.
THIS COULD BE DANGEROUS.
I WILL, BUT I HAVE
TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.
SHAWN,
GET BACK IN THE CAR.
GO OUT WITH LUNTZ.
WHAT?
I WANT YOU TO GO OUT
WITH LUNTZ.
SHAWN...
WHAT ARE YOU
TRYING TO PULL?
I'M NOT TRYING
TO PULL ANYTHING.
I JUST WANT YOU TO BE HAPPY.
SO...IF YOU THINK THIS GUY
CAN MAKE YOU HAPPY,
OR EVEN IF YOU'RE NOT SURE,
AND THERE'S JUST A TINY PART
OF YOU THAT THINKS
THAT THERE MIGHT BE
A CHANCE FOR THAT,
I THINK YOU OWE IT
TO YOURSELF TO GO FOR IT.
THANK YOU, SHAWN.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
WHEN ARE YOU
SUPPOSED TO GO OUT NEXT?
UH, TONIGHT,
ACTUALLY.
WOW.
THAT'S SO FAST.
WHERE'S HE
GOING TO TAKE YOU?
MARIO'S.
MARIO'S?
THAT PLACE IS A LITTLE STUFFY.
DON'T YOU THINK?
I LIKE THEIR BREAD.
CLEAR.
SPEN--
SPENCER,
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?
I TOLD YOU TO STAY
IN THE CAR.
IF I'D STAYED IN THE CAR,
I WOULDN'T BE ABLE
TO TELL YOU,
THAT SOMEONE JUST
TOOK OFF RUNNING
THAT WAY TH ROUGH THE YARD.
(Lassiter)
THEY'RE GONE.
I'LL CALL IN
A PERIMETER REQUEST.
GET K-9 DOWN HERE.
YOU WANT TO HELP ME
WITH THIS GAG?
YEAH.
[sobbing]
HELLO, JOANNA.
I HAVE A MESSAGE
FROM YOUR HUSBAND.
I'M GOING TO TRY
TO MAKE CONTACT ONE MORE TIME,
AND THEN THAT'S IT.
PREPARE TO GO IN
WITH THE GAS.
[phone ringing]
YOU.
COME ON.
COME ON, RIGHT NOW.
RIGHT NOW.
WHY?
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
DON'T MOVE!
DON'T TALK!
LOOK AT THE FLOOR!
LOOK AT THE FLOOR.
COME ON.
RIGHT NOW.
IN HERE, IN HERE.
GET IN THERE.
WHAT?
[thud]
OH!
YOU HAVE MY WIFE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU KNOW WHERE SHE IS.
TELL ME WHERE SHE IS.
[muffled arguing]
I SWEAR--YOU'RE CRAZY.
WHERE'S MY WIFE?!
I DON'T KNOW!
[yelling continues]
(Lassiter)
ALL RIGHT, MRS. STUBBINS.
WHAT CAN YOU TELL US
ABOUT THE MAN
THAT KIDNAPPED YOU?
WELL, THERE WERE
ACTUALLY TWO MEN.
TWO?
ARE YOU SURE?
WHERE'S MY WIFE?
[thud]
[gasp]
I WAS BLINDFOLDED,
BUT THROUGH A CRACK
IN THE BOTTOM,
I WAS ABLE TO MAKE OUT
TWO PAIRS OF FEET.
I DIDN'T SEE MUCH,
BUT I KNOW ONE OF THEM
WAS WEARING
A PAIR OF BROWN WING TIP SHOES.
BROWN.
I GOT IT.
THE OTHER ONE'S IN THE BANK.
I GOTTA CALL PHIL
AND WARN HIM.
[ringing]
THAT'S IT, MEN.
IT'S GO TIME.
HIT 'EM WITH THE TEARGAS
AND GO IN ON MY CALL.
[men Shouting]
(Juliet)
MORGAN PHELPS IS THE
SECOND MAN INSIDE THE BANK.
CANINE CAUGHT THE GUY
RUNNING AWAY
FROM THE HOUSE,
WHO GAVE THEM UP.
BUT I DON'T GET
THE BANK MANAGER.
GRESLING KNEW THE BANK
WAS GOING TO BE ROBBED?
HE PLANNED THE WHOLE THING
FROM THE BEGINNING.
HE KNEW THAT HIS V.I.P. CLIENT
HAD DROPPED OFF THE DIAMONDS.
THE DIAMONDS WERE DEPOSITED
IN THAT PARTICULAR BOX
ONE WEEK PRIOR.
HE FIGURED THIS
WAS HIS CHANCE TO SCORE BIG.
SO HE CONTACTED
MORGAN PHELPS.
(Juliet)
WHO HAS A RAP SHEET
AS LONG AS MY ARM.
SO WHY DIDN'T PHELPS JUST STEAL
THE DIAMONDS HIMSELF?
THEY DIDN'T NEED
A PROFESSIONAL BANK ROBBER
BECAUSE GRESLING
WOULD BASICALLY
JUST BE HANDING
THE DIAMONDS OVER.
AND PHIL
WAS A PERFECT MARK.
THEY COULD PUT HIM
IN THE BANK
ON THE DAY THE DIAMONDS
WERE DELIVERED.
THAT, PLUS THE BACK TAXES,
AND THE RECENT FORECLOSURE,
MADE HIM SEEM LIKE
A REALLY DESPERATE GUY
WHO NEEDED CASH
IN A BIG WAY.
SO PHELPS PLANTS HIMSELF
AT THE BANK
TO MAKE SURE EVERYTHING
GOES SMOOTHLY,
AND THEN FINDS HIMSELF
CAUGHT AS A HOSTAGE
WHEN THE WHOLE DEAL
GOES SOUTH.
I'LL KEEP TRYING LUNTZ,
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE HE'S BLOCKED
ALL CALLS NOT COMING
FROM INSIDE THE BANK.
WE NEED TO GET BACK
THERE BEFORE HE GOES IN.
LU NTZ!
(Shawn)
HAVE YOUR GUYS GRAB GRESLING,
THE BANK MANAGER.
TAKE HIM INTO CUSTODY.
HE'S IN ON IT.
WE'RE LOOKING FOR PHELPS.
WHO?
PHELPS. HAVE YOU ACCOUNTED
FOR ALL THE HOSTAGES?
WE'RE COUNTING BODIES NOW.
IT'S A MESS OUT HERE.
ALL RIGHT.
(Shawn)
THERE'S NO WING TIPS.
PHELPS IS GONE.
HE MUST'VE TAKEN OFF SOMEWHERE.
WHEN DID YOU LAST SEE HIM?
WE WERE BEING HELD
IN A BACK ROOM.
I KNOW WHERE PHELPS IS.
WHERE?
HE'S IN THE SEWER.
HE'S IN THE SEWER SYSTEM.
THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
IS IT, LUNTZ?
ALL RIGHT, I DO KNOW THIS MUCH.
IF SOMEONE WERE TO ACCESS
THE SEWER SYSTEM OUT BACK,
IT WOULD DUMP THEM
ALMOST ANYWHERE IN THE CITY.
LUNTZ, I'M A PSYCHIC.
YOU'RE JUST GOING TO HAVE
TO TRUST ME.
PLUS, LISTEN TO MY VOICE.
IT'S EVEN.
IT'S STEADY. NO VIBRATO.
GUS, QUICK.
HELP ME BOOST LASSIE
UP TO THE CEILING.
PHELPS IS INSIDE
ONE OF THESE DUCTS.
WHAT?
WHATEVER HAPPENED
TO THE WHOLE PSYCHIC SEWER
VISION THING?
LASSIE, DO WE REALLY HAVE TIME
TO ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS?
NOW, COME ON.
JUST GIVE ME ONE
OF THOSE SIZE 12 NARROWS.
[grunts]
FREEZE!
COME HERE.
[grunting]
[groans]
HOLD STILL.
I GOT HIM!
GOOD WORK, PARTNER.
WE'LL GRAB BACKUP.
PARTNER?
UH, EXCUSE ME.
WHAT WAS THAT ABOUT?
YOU GOT TO ADMIT,
IT'S BETTER THAN
A LITTLE BOY CAT...
OR A LITTLE GIRL CAT.
NOT APPRECIATED, SHAWN.
BUT LOOK AT YOU, MAN,
SURVIVING
A BANK HOSTAGE CRISIS
AND STILL LOOKING
ALL POITIER...
ON A HOT DAY.
WHAT?
GO AHEAD.
SLAP ME IN THE FACE.
TELL ME
THEY CALL YOU MR. TIBBS.
I'M NOT DOING THAT.
COME ON,
IT'LL MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER.
THEY CALL ME MR.--
I'M NOT DOING THAT.
(Shawn)
BUT YOU WERE ONE WORD AWAY!
COME ON.
WHAT DO THEY CALL YOU?
(Gus)
WILL YOU GET IN THE CAR?
(Shawn)
THEY CALL YOU WHAT?
THEY CALL YOU MR.--
[laughs]
[knocking]
JULES.
HI.
WHAT ARE YOU---
UH, EVIDENCE TURNED THESE
OVER TO ME.
I THINK THEY'RE GUS'S SHOES.
SO...
I JUST, UM--
I THOUGHT
I'D BRING THEM BY
AND DROP THEM OFF.
THAT IS VERY SWEET
OF YOU.
YOU CAN BURN THEM.
WHAT?
HE WAS DEVASTATED
THE WHOLE WAY HOME.
HE CRIED
ABOUT THEM ALREADY.
ON MY SHOULDER,
LIKE A BABY.
I JUST PUT HIM DOWN.
HE'S RESTING NOW.
SO WHAT IS THIS?
WHAT AM I SEEING HERE?
THIS IS THE UH...
"RETURNING FOOTWEAR
TO A FRIEND" OUTFIT?
OH, CAMERON
HAD TO CANCEL TONIGHT.
NO.
YEAH.
NO!
HE SAID HE TOOK, LIKE,
FOUR SHOWERS,
BUT, HE STILL COULDN'T GET THAT
SEWER SMELL OUT OF HIS SKIN.
AW, JEEZ!
THAT DAMN SEWER!
WE WRAPPED EVERYTHING UP
SO NICELY
SO THAT YOU GUYS COULD...
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
THE MAN FOLLOWED
A HUNCH.
AND THAT'S ALL YOU CAN ASK
FROM A GUY.
HEY, FOLLOW YOUR HUNCHES.
AND HE DID.
I'M SORRY IT DIDN'T WORK OUT
FOR YOU KIDS.
BUT YOU GAVE IT
A REAL SHOT, A FAIR SHOT.
SHAWN, I'M SEEING HIM
TOMORROW NIGHT.
REALLY?
WOW.
THAT'S SO FAST
ON THE RESCHEDULING.
IT'S--
NO CONFLICTS?
EITHER WAY?
HUH.
MM-MM.
YEAH, WE'LL SEE.
WELL, I SHOULD GO.
HEY, UH, HAVE YOU EATEN?
NO.
WELL, I CAN'T OFFER
ANYTHING AS FANCY AS MARIO'S.
BUT, UH...
WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF A BALLPARK FRANK
AND A STROLL
ON THE BOARDWALK?
IT IS GOLDEN TIME.
I'VE BEEN TOLD I, UH, I LOOK
PRETTY GOOD IN THAT LIGHTING.
REALLY?
IT'S TRUE.
IS THAT RIGHT?
[whirring noise]
[giggIeS]
THEY PLUMP
WHEN YOU COOK THEM.
THEY PLUMP!
LITERALLY.
AS THE TEMPERATURE RISES,
THE WEINER ABSORBS
ALL ADDITIONAL MOISTURE,
CAUSING IT TO DOUBLE,
SOMETIMES EVEN TRIPLE,
IN DIAMETER.
TRIPLE? WOW!
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com